all right this has been a very difficult
time for all of us in America we know
this pandemic has led to massive
economic losses and disruptions to your
daily life all of our daily lives now we
have lost more than 80 Americans now to
this disease over 4,500 are infected and
those numbers will increase as more
testing becomes available the Dow Jones
had the worst day in its history
dropping almost 3,000 points and that's
despite the Fed slashing interest rates
to near zero the phrase social
distancing is now burned into our
consciousness we'll never forget that
one and most of the country is seeing
school shudder meaning we working
parents have childcare issues on top of
all the other problems that we're
dealing with parents who live paycheck
to paycheck well they can't afford child
care so is this the new normal until
right of the zone we'll see what happens
but they think August could be July to
be longer than that now while the new
federal guidelines about public
gatherings should be abided by of course
taken extremely seriously we all have to
take them seriously we must not allow
this to become the new normal once we
reach the other side of this current
crisis we've heard that phrase new
normal a lot today
tonight I'm saying that if we learn
correct lessons from all of this well in
the future both we both can keep our
people safe and preserve our freedom our
way of life and yes our free market a
virus or anything for that matter that
occurs in another country should not be
allowed to collapse our economy and
completely upend our way of life the
freedoms guaranteed under our
Constitution cannot be gutted every time
any country acts negligently or
recklessly including a country like
China now what if this virus or another
one pops up again in the fall are we all
going to be told to shelter in place for
another long period of time 15 days
maybe a month next time does that mean
we're going to closed public schools
again all schools and then will we see
groceries grocery store panic buying
resume
citywide curfews delayed elections if
this becomes the new normal after we
deal with this virus and we have to deal
with this now well will cease to be the
America that we know and love there are
the obvious short-term lessons like
washing your hands wiping down your bags
and no coughing in other people's faces
we should have already known that but
apparently we didn't know that we now
know it now but if we don't learn the
right long-term lessons well we could
just face a recurring cycle of misery
and shutdowns when something happens
that's really bad in another country
here are a few of the important lessons
to prevent this nightmare from happening
again this goes far beyond the get tough
China policy approach of this
administration we need to move to get
into a real approach to China for two
decades I've been on TV and in the print
media with only a handful of others by
the way warning about the dangers of
globalisation to our workers to our core
industries in our national security well
now our national health is on the line
too with globalization well what did
they call us back end then they call
this isolationist I say it's better to
be called an isolationist than to be
forced to isolate at home last week
Chinese officials hinted that they could
cut off all antibiotics to the United
States last week European countries
began banning exports of key medical
supplies used to combat kovat 19 smart
nations know in emergencies that they
need to protect their own first the
Chinese people live under an evil regime
and it seeks world domination we cannot
and should not trade away our lives and
our livelihood in reliance on them so
that means we have to do whatever it
takes to bring back our manufacturing of
medicines drugs and other key
technologies to the United States of
America
made in America you bet my mom used to
say it we need more made in America back
in the 1970s and boy do we need that
kind of wisdom and common sense now and
means some medical supplies to that we
see in short supply here in the United
States we have to beg other countries
for them it's ridiculous
thankfully the Trump administration
seems to be taking this lesson to heart
the president personally asked me to
move quickly on this issue the VA HHS in
the Department of Defense buy a ton of
medicines medical supplies and equipment
we need to have them buy that from
American producers on American soil when
someone says but prices for the goods
are gonna go up if we bring all this
manufacturing back remind them about the
trillions that have been wiped out just
in the last two weeks because of the
corona virus it's a huge huge series of
losses for American families in American
business lesson number two we can no
longer allow the rabid left in America
or greedy businesses in the business
community to run our border and
immigration policy today reporters were
asking questions about when are we gonna
you know shut the northern border what
are we gonna do with Canada even
Guatemala and Mexico we're seeing why
border enforcement and border health
screenings are really important now the
wisdom of Trump people are kind of
catching on now when we did angle
segments over the last two years about
the rise of TB and other diseases coming
across our southern border we were
vilified as were others as
anti-immigrant that criticism was a
vicious lie we were being pro-american
just like everyone who's urging strong
action now on foreign entries coming in
to the United States they're worried
about America so were we
well everyone except Joe Biden that is
the first hundred days of my
administration no one no one will be
deported at all with that answer last
night
how can anyone think that Biden would be
tougher than Trump in instituting strong
measures against kovat 19 lesson number
three health screenings must be
instituted at all US entry points
a good friend texted me last night who
was traveling from Kyrgyzstan trying to
get back into the United States and this
was his text screening before US flights
is very long but ridiculous they didn't
ask any questions or check temp in
Kyrgyzstan they checked temperature on
the plane with thermo Visor then again
at the airport
well apparently we've improved and are
beefing up screenings to some extent but
this has to be done at least from China
and Europe now on a permanent basis
going forward I was thinking about it
this way if we can do facial recognition
to catch terrorists and other criminals
trying to you know come through our
ports of entry now which we can surely
we can screen at least somewhat for
disease and illness going forward again
so we don't go through what we're going
through right now again America without
technology someone reminded me of this
today without any technology we had
common sense at the at the beginning of
the last century remember coming through
Ellis Island
we had people completely separated from
the American population until it was
assured that they weren't going to bring
disease into the United States in the
early 1900s we did it then we can figure
out a way to do it efficiently now I say
all of this tonight not because I want
to point fingers or rehash no no because
our freedom of assembly our freedom of
worship our freedom of movement of
travel none of that is going to mean
anything if we have to shut down our
society and destroy our economy every
time another health crisis from abroad
threatens to overwhelm us so we have to
be thinking not only how to get through
the immediate crisis which the Trump
team is doing and they're doing a great
job of now at this point we also though
have to prevent similar emergencies
crises challenges from hitting us and
overwhelming us in the future after
Pearl Harbor what did we do well we knew
we're we knew we'd do something we built
up our military and our heavy
manufacturing to win the war after 9/11
we made some mistakes for sure we
talked about that before but we expanded
screenings at our airports and we
improved our terror database in terror
tracking and after this new battle is
finally won by us it ravages America
which it's doing right now we'll need to
implement sound and permanent policies
to make sure that we don't ever have to
suffer through this kind of thing again
now 15 days from now we're going to be
closer to warm weather that we hope will
do more to stem the the movement of this
virus will be closer to widespread
testing and closer to the clinical
trials and what we'll find out with the
vaccine testing that's all good and we
hope that we begin to see the flattening
of the infections curve that's essential
but we also have to be making
preparations so that will be we will be
in a much better position to avoid this
from ever happening again the media some
have been enjoying this moment that has
brought great inconvenience disruption
and suffering to American workers and
families let alone all the health
challenges the deaths in the infection
rate because some people think it's
Trump's downfall and they're cheering
that on as they did during Mahler and
all these other crises but as you'll see
later the left doesn't have a great
response here testing snags
notwithstanding Trump has mobilized an
aggressive effort to tackle this the
Democrats answer is usually that well we
should just do what Europe does well
okay right now Europe is crawling is
it's closing its borders Canada and
others are closing their borders as well
and as I was telling you even countries
like Kyrgyzstan are doing Thermal Visor
checks at airports so it's worth
remembering when Trump shut down travel
from China remember who was out there
criticizing him washed off
Daniel travel from Europe or any other
part of the world may slow it but as
we've seen will not stop this disease
good in fact every nation and any person
on the planet
he was just tweeting the other day then
goes last Thursday that walls won't stop
the border so are we to believe that
what Biden would have supported Trump's
moving more aggressively against travel
in January of course not yet Trump's
decision likely saved thousands of lives
Anthony Fauci said it was a critical
part of the decision-making and not only
that for decades Trump had been warning
about China's impending dominance in
manufacturing the Democrats and the
Chamber of Commerce geo peers they just
laughed at him they laughed him off as a
candidate and then they dismissed
Trump's America first agenda during his
presidency well now well how does that
look now well Donald Trump looks pretty
pression on that we're gonna get through
this and we'll get through it together
let's make sure we learn the right
lessons in the meantime and that's the
angle